i
hello friends , good good, today is going to be good.
team for many of you because I know
that tomorrow he must have broken a
snack powder
Anyway, I'll teach you to share
again neither that this to us
I was in the poison road on
private
Good, we'll need a
potty to put all tainted heaven
an alcohol and I put the target within
si pot of medicine even a spoon
on average I got the girls crepe
so we'll get all the blush
Look how it was
I'll pass it all over here.
and then I 'll always clean everything
He to put it again but before
people
the mass everything that until turning powder turned to powder
then we 'll put a little bit of
alcohol until it becomes a fascist
O
oh he's already well, but he does tour use
there will pick up and clean up all the little pot
Now we 'll spend the whole afternoon snack.
for every moment is too much
of alcohol
We pick up any seating area in
box and then you press to take the
alcohol excess
you can see that the game is already
passing here
and then you do it until you
totally law
oh, it's quite exhausting, there's a little more
to get out
meanwhile we 're hitting here
A little bit, let's get one more
turn
Good now I think I had enough
the access still also a glance
we also hope to dry to see if
It worked even
good bush people already know enough
the same wine with the same purpose
This is mary kay's my run.
It's raining I think he's rancid.
has a chubby tone and I found that
Maybe I could take that shade more
played after you did this but not
He is as always was.
let's see if it'll to watch him
right
so it 's great because if you break a
show your people and you know you got it fixed
good staff and if they have liked and
A great tip for anyone who wants to get hot
The midfielder finally can come back with a
again was spared some tips
Please, avoid sending a Sunday.
the gaucho market donato lei that is now
was not chosen a bat-ready goal and
I 've always lived here on channel 6